okay we have another ding here that's
along the rail of the board that's a lot
deeper so I'm going to demonstrate how
to repair this type of day first thing
again is you want to remove all the
damaged material with a knife and notice
this part here you want to take all this
part off it's important to take all the
damaged material because it makes the
thing stronger we took out all the
damaged area next step is we're going to
take a piece of flow the foam block and
cut a piece so it fits in here okay so
I'm going to do is cut a piece of foam
so we'll fit this down so I'm going to
cut it a little piece like this and see
if that works
so something like that okay now I have
this piece it's going to go in here
we're going to glue it in place take a
little quick fix I'm going to put it
into the damaged area
and I'll take this wedge stick it in
place and put a little resin around it
then we're going to shape it okay so now
the resin the quickfix resin has dried
and it secured the block in place so now
we're just going to trim the foam off
we're going to shape the foam to this to
the rail of the board after you cut out
big chunks away you take your dragon
skin and you sand the phone down and
it's pretty close to the shape
then the next step we do is we send
around the gang because we're gonna put
a piece of fiberglass over the damaged
Vario the next step we're going to cut
the fiberglass to cover the patch I cut
a piece of fiberglass that's slightly
bigger than the damaged area so you can
test fit it like that so it wraps around
these sides I've sanded all the way
around a ding where the fiberglass will
cover the resin I mean the fiberglass
will cover the surfboard so it will
stick well now I'm going to put a little
resident on top of the surface of the
board where the resident of fiberglass
cloth is going to go
then I'll lay the cloth on top of the
damaged area
and I'm going to saturate the cloth with
more resin
you want to work to resin into the glass
so the glass disappears
at this point it's also good to maybe
cover the resin with your hand so it
doesn't cure so quickly and I'm going to
cover the fiberglass again with a
plastic cloth that will help them mold
it
and we'll let it cure for a few minutes
oK we've removed the plastic I put a
second layer of resin on top of the
fiberglass cloth now the final step is
just to sand it same thing again we're
going to start with a dragon skin to
take off any of the excess resin and we
want to get the shape of the board back
again so we're going to sand off all the
excess resin then we're going to go with
the 80 grit sandpaper to make it
smoother okay then we're going to go
with the 120 sandpaper and a little
water we're going to wet send it with
the final just makes it nice and smooth
and you can rinse it off and your ding
is finished
you